Mom
You don't know
Xiaobao is my child, right?
Humph
5 years ago and Qingqing
The wild man who fooled around was me
Am I also a stain?
It doesn't matter who that man was 5 years ago
But everyone will always remember
Gu Qingqing is a young adult
A woman fooling around with a wild man
This kind of woman married into our family
We will be laughed at for a lifetime
Mom, don't worry.
I have informed the major media
Told them about my relationship with relatives
Start today.
Who is disrespectful to relatives
Just to me
Disrespect to the Yan family
Are you crazy?
For this woman
How dare you treat yourself so badly
Have a nice trip.
What are you doing? I'm paying you.
Why is my mother paying you?
money
What about Xiaobao?
Xiaobao Xiaobao
That's fine.
Our family will never be separated again
Xiaobao
What's your trouble?